# Permissions

By default, no permissions are given (except for op).

<table data-full-width="true"><thead><tr><th>Permission</th><th>Description</th><th align="center">Recommended to be given to players</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>protectionstones.create</td><td>Protect a region by placing a ProtectionStones block.</td><td align="center">Yes</td></tr><tr><td>protectionstones.destroy</td><td>Allow players to remove their own protected regions (block break).</td><td align="center">Yes</td></tr><tr><td>protectionstones.merge</td><td>Allow players to merge their regions with other regions they own.</td><td align="center">Yes</td></tr><tr><td>protectionstones.unclaim</td><td>Allow players to unclaim their region using <code>/ps unclaim</code>.</td><td align="center">Yes</td></tr><tr><td>protectionstones.unclaim.remote</td><td>Allow players to unclaim their regions using <code>/ps unclaim [region-id]</code></td><td align="center">No</td></tr><tr><td>protectionstones.view</td><td>Allows players the use of <code>/ps view</code>.</td><td align="center">Yes</td></tr><tr><td>protectionstones.view.others</td><td>Allows players the use of <code>/ps view</code> in unowned regions.</td><td align="center">Yes</td></tr><tr><td>protectionstones.info</td><td>Allows players the use of <code>/ps info</code>.</td><td align="center">Yes</td></tr><tr><td>protectionstones.info.others</td><td>Allows players the use of <code>/ps info</code> in unowned regions.</td><td align="center">Yes</td></tr><tr><td>protectionstones.get</td><td>Allows players the use of <code>/ps get</code>.</td><td align="center">No, unless a price is set on each PS</td></tr><tr><td>protectionstones.give</td><td>Allows players the use of <code>/ps give</code> (give protectionstones to others as admin).</td><td align="center">No</td></tr><tr><td>protectionstones.count</td><td>Allows players the use of <code>/ps count</code>.</td><td align="center">Yes</td></tr><tr><td>protectionstones.count.others</td><td>Allows players the use of <code>/ps count [player]</code>.</td><td align="center">Yes</td></tr><tr><td>protectionstones.list</td><td>Allows players the use of <code>/ps list</code>.</td><td align="center">Yes</td></tr><tr><td>protectionstones.list.others</td><td>Allows players the use of <code>/ps list [player]</code></td><td align="center">No</td></tr><tr><td>protectionstones.hide</td><td>Allows players to hide their protectionstones block.</td><td align="center">Yes</td></tr><tr><td>protectionstones.unhide</td><td>Allows players to unhide their protectionstones block.</td><td align="center">Yes</td></tr><tr><td>protectionstones.setparent</td><td>Allows access to <code>/ps setparent</code>.</td><td align="center">Yes</td></tr><tr><td>protectionstones.setparent.others</td><td>Allow players to set their region to inherit properties from other regions they don't own.</td><td align="center">No</td></tr><tr><td>protectionstones.name</td><td>Access to the <code>/ps name</code> command.</td><td align="center">Yes</td></tr><tr><td>protectionstones.home</td><td>Access to the <code>/ps home</code> command.</td><td align="center">Yes</td></tr><tr><td>protectionstones.sethome</td><td>Access to the <code>/ps sethome</code> command.</td><td align="center">Yes</td></tr><tr><td>protectionstones.tp</td><td>Access to <code>/ps tp</code> command.</td><td align="center">No</td></tr><tr><td>protectionstones.tp.bypasswait</td><td>Bypass the wait time set in the config for <code>/ps home</code> and <code>/ps tp</code>.</td><td align="center">No</td></tr><tr><td>protectionstones.tp.bypassprevent</td><td>Bypass <code>prevent_teleport_in</code> option in config.</td><td align="center">No</td></tr><tr><td>protectionstones.priority</td><td>Allows players to set their region's priority.</td><td align="center">No</td></tr><tr><td>protectionstones.owners</td><td>Allows players to add or remove region owners (<code>/ps addowner</code> &#x26; <code>/ps removeowner</code>). Allows players to use <code>/ps info owners</code> command.</td><td align="center">Yes</td></tr><tr><td>protectionstones.members</td><td>Allows players to add or remove region members (<code>/ps add</code> &#x26; <code>/ps remove</code>). Allows players to use <code>/ps info members</code> command.</td><td align="center">Yes</td></tr><tr><td>protectionstones.flags</td><td>Allows players to set their region flags.</td><td align="center">Yes</td></tr><tr><td>protectionstones.flags.edit.[flag]</td><td>Set the permission to false for a flag (ex. protectionstones.flags.edit.tnt) so that players cannot edit the flag with /ps flag even if it is on the "allowed_flags" list.</td><td align="center"></td></tr><tr><td>protectionstones.buysell</td><td>Allows players to use <code>/ps buy</code> and <code>/ps sell</code>.</td><td align="center">Yes</td></tr><tr><td>protectionstones.tax</td><td>Allows players to access <code>/ps tax</code> commands.</td><td align="center">Yes</td></tr><tr><td>protectionstones.rent</td><td>Allows players to use <code>/ps rent</code>.</td><td align="center">Yes</td></tr><tr><td>protectionstones.toggle</td><td>Allows players to toggle ProtectionStones placement for their self.</td><td align="center">No</td></tr><tr><td>protectionstones.region</td><td>Allows players to use the <code>/ps region</code> commands.</td><td align="center">No</td></tr><tr><td>protectionstones.adjacent.x</td><td>Sets the number of non-adjacent regions players can have if <code>regions_must_be_adjacent</code> is true. Unlimited with -1.</td><td align="center"></td></tr><tr><td>protectionstones.admin</td><td>This permission allows users to override all ProtectionStones regions and use <code>/ps admin</code> and <code>/ps reload</code>.</td><td align="center">No</td></tr><tr><td>protectionstones.limit.x</td><td>Replace x with a limit for the number of players' placed protection stones (includes regions they are added as an owner of). If you don't want a limit, do not give this permission. x can only be replaced with an integer number.</td><td align="center"></td></tr><tr><td>protectionstones.limit.alias.x</td><td>Replace alias with the protection block alias and x with the limit of that protection block the player can place. If you don't want a limit, do not give this permission. x can only be replaced with an integer number.</td><td align="center"></td></tr><tr><td>protectionstones.superowner</td><td>Allows players to override region permissions, and use ps commands without being the owner of a region.</td><td align="center">No</td></tr></tbody></table>
